---
title: 'from *Glam\*our*'
contributor: Jamie Townsend
---

<style>
.indent1 {
    text-indent: 3rem;
}

.indent2 {
    text-indent: 2rem;
}

.nolinebreak {
    margin-top: -1.15rem;
}
</style>

So, safe

---

I came in

---

A neat little package

---

So cute they

---

Said so cute

---

I shrugged and

---

Dug my toe

---

Into the blanket

---

Slowly digging

---

My own grave

---

We lie in bed

---

Bereft of nothing

---

Read Safe

---

At the inadequate

---

Daydream at the pink

---

Bruce assumed

---

Was flat

---

Symbolic, so cute

---

And gay, so happy

---

Read Safe

---

Where the moon 's

---

Cold and decrepit

---

Face licks the inside

---

Of my thumb

---

And a wet finger

---

Print darkens the page

---

Wonder at this

---

Transmission

---

Beneath a parasol

---

Janky skeleton

---

Ragged pink tissue

---

Our romantic dream

---

Of safety

---

Couldn't sleep

---

Predicting ruin

---

Whispered

---

Sweet nothings

---

Up against the sheet

---

Soft consonants

---

And sibilance

---

Trickle out

---

To lay across

---

The hair on your arms

---

Reaching towards me

---

We're almost fucking

---

Lost and safe

---

Wake up feeling

---

Opened the residual

---

Dilation

---

What as who

---

Recants I can't be

---

Bothered by this

---

Thin mucus

---

Clinging slip

---

Eyes downcast

---

Playing with myself

---

Little red

---

Riding hood

---

By air as blood

---

Rushes

---

To the surface

---

Tease

---

Recoil

---

High on glaze

---

First blush fading

---

And wet, touchable

---

Yielding a very

---

Dangerous moment

---

Excited blood

---

Rubbing against

---

Excited skin

---

Knife wife

---

Fruity void

---

A portal 's

---

Bubble floating in

---

A tear without

---

The allure you know

---

Austere

---

Safe and silent

---

The letter

---

S at the end

---

of the dreamer 's

---

Eden

---

The discarded skin

---

Of it 's

---

Dreams like

---

Arcadia, really just

---

The home

---

Of TopShop

---

The smoothness

---

Of mannequins

---

The most violent

---

Thing you can do

---

Is name it

---

A ceiling

---

An unrepentant

---

Shower

---

Of meteorites

---

Or fallen angels

---

Or failed men who dream

---

Wrestle with god

---

Mouth to

---

Mouth to be safe

---

Young

---

And troubled

---

I learned to resuscitate

---

A doll

---

A new doll each year

---

Their hearts can't take

---

Too much

---

Pressure

---

I learned to reject

---

The world ending

---

At the tips

---

Of my fingers

---

**\***

---

The problematic

---

Pattern repeating

---

*Not just fantasy*. I read Joon 's swooning objectivism, the story
written out as milk stains on a white tee and dissociate. Take a walk
and slip into my own pregnant reverie, in front of racks of faded band
merch at Mercy Vintage. It gets me out of the house, fleshes out the
imperfect goodwill I imagine. Garish and obscene. Glamorously
threadbare. Almost miraculous.

---

At minimum, I was Adam naming my way into some extreme measure of
self-fixation, obsessed and obsessive rumination toward minding mine own
business vs. minding our own pleasure, a private heaven or public hell
expanding in exponential dimensions. Overwhelming obsession. The thought
we writ large as a folding in not stretching toward. Sex that makes an
ass of me. An emaciated face or ghost of personality draining toward the
shaky drain 's point of no return. A limp corpse wrist arching up
through grating. Pose becoming cramp becoming camp becoming something
chronic, rhetorical. *We weren't praying for this.*

---

I conjure Aaron's rod that budded. Aaron's poem in *The Paradise of
Forms*. *The dress likes the way he looks, hairy.* I wanted to have a
manifesto to blow it up as so little made sense in a time when competing
spiritual forces struggled to pull our feeble agreement apart. The ring
that rolls out of reach no matter how much we stretch to grab at it.
Sell the outerwear when the work dries up. Our stubborn multiplicity, an
innate fuck you to a pervasive loneliness imposed as though every day we
must get out into the world, face a grave, dead broke, east west,
damning orientation. Yes. There were too many complications. I worried
about the repetition of the movements, the choreography of my not yet
our bodies on the page creating a rough line for measurement. I worried
too about my height and weight, someone called it stature which left me
cold. The pressing thought of physical necessity. No. An ever-increasing
push towards order but this ran against our rangy opulence. We imagined
the end of power as a chain of supplication cracked or dragged from
around our neck. Link by link together the weakest collapsing.

---

With a handful of brass rings, my or this hand a rams head, a claw, a
ram in profile, a Cleopatra snake charm winding up to strike. Tiny glass
eye. The pendulum of a snowflake pendant. Scattered indications of
movement outwards. A fire sign, a fire floating above the watery
sensation, the feeling, a lack inside the water and so we became an
anthem in perpetual wonder of the distinction. Glamorous, the we that
together made a choice, was given split-second choices to make. I wanted
them or they, us in some mindless repetition. To be awed again. Language
for what we didn't yet understand. Anyways, I didn't want to be
confused. I wanted to sing.

---

*Punch a ghost...*
{: .indent1}

*A dress only becomes a dress by being worn.*

---

The specters of Anger's Puce moment. Obscene luxury just danced off the
rack. A sheet a shift a skirt a ghost, styles of unfolding in the
machinery of yr vision.

---

Belief is what we fall into from the periphery. The shadow of a god
insisting the writing is the wall the body is sketched as an outline on
the floor. The heft of paper chains, this history of royalty. Neither
nor. We believed naively that fire would burn it all away and beneath
would be a glowing residue of wholeness. An unbroken circle beneath the
church. Inside curves and smooth wet. We feel felt this as something
approaching completion, tearing each layer away. This less specific and
quiet insistence of a sensual momentum forward made it even moreso. I
watched it all watching Legion a show of superpowers where the superhero
is mentally unwell. Is multiple, the world is unwell in its insistence
on those without power. The hero 's crush moves through touch her spirit
kissing her or him as they switch bodies. They remaking what it means to
inhabit a world to slosh against the viscera. Dumb and newly born. On
the floor of Wolfman Books during the reading I listen to our friend
transforming into pure description at the same time not listening I pull
off the gel polish from my middle finger complete in one piece and stick
it behind the poetry, saving for it later.

---

**\***

---

Eyes soaked in milk, shapes floated through taste. A holographic makeup
stick marks the limits of our field of vision. Cheeks blushed. Smudged
with a shade called supernova for an understanding of what we thought we
saw before the lights went out. Believing the flash was enough to make a
distinction. No. Not totally. Not in fact at all. But a vagueness.
Awesome, overwhelming ambiguity. Yes.

---

**\***

---

Our love dissolves

---

The sheerest tulle

---

Into a scatter of applique

---

Sequins into female trouble

---

Posthumous Birkin bangs

---

Nipples like meringue

---

Hannah Wilke is still

---

Suffering for glamor

---

Vanity Fair spread

---

In the shadow

---

Of a useless giant spoon

---

Industrial fuckwand

---

Set to maximum

---

Obliteration

---

Horror and beauty 's

---

Trash offered up

---

To the better demons

---

Of our nature

---

**\***

---

The moon is sending

---

Psychedelic invocations

---

Through the pastel pink

---

Orgone pyramid

---

In the sunroom

---

I read the feeling as

---

Eve Babitz on the longest

---

Walk of shame

---

From the homes of dead

---

-eyed Orange County

---

Suburbanites worshiping in

---

The Hereditary loft

---

Of Ann Taylor

---

A cloud of sage

---

Cloth swirling

---

Across the windshield

---

As she powders her nose

---

From a compact

---

Of beige accelerant

---

Dancing on a dash

---

Blasting Dumb Blonde

---

Dolly's New Narrative

---

Bittersweet fantasy

---

Transforming a scarf

---

Into a noose
{: .indent2}

---

Into a guillotine
{: .indent2}

---

An open hand
{: .indent2}

---

An ashtray
{: .indent2}

---

As Frank once commented

---

I miss my sisters

---

I read a treatise on stars

---

As metaphor

---

Reverie and warning

---

*Don't be mislead*
{: .indent1}

---

*By glamor from heaven*
{: .indent1}

---

As it bursts

---

Against yr throat

---

In the wind

---

When we finally laid out

---

In the bright light

---

After the year from hell

---

And read what

---

Brenda wrote

---

*Satan isn't sitting*
{: .indent1}

---

*In some bunker*
{: .indent1}

---

And

*fuck that*
{: .indent1 .nolinebreak}

---

*In wet hot turquoise*
{: .indent1}

---

In a poem to Ivy

---

That felt like a fortune

---

Wrapped in a warning

---

Wrapped in magenta

---

The color of our conversations

---

With the dead
